Previously on
The Handmaid's Tale...
This morning.
a plane left Gilead
and landed at Pearson.
There were nine Marthas onboard.
There were also 86 children.
Offred.
This will start a war.
You got
those children out. dear.
He sent me dreams of you.
We were killing people together.
You have to save yourself.
I'll be fine.
What have you done?
I want to be with my daughter.
I have
some information to report.
Serious crimes
committed by my wife.
I'm placing you under arrest.
You forced your driver
to impregnate Ms. Osborn
so you could claim
the resulting child.
I want to hurt them so badly.
Gilead. the men.
What did he do to you?
He would bring in other men.
You know. Guardians. Eyes.
Even some Commanders.
‐Is he one of them? ‐
‐Do we know his name?
‐Guardian Pogue.
Put him in the barn.
‐ ‐ We're Mayday.
We don't hide. We fight.
Make me proud.
I will.
She's out there planning
who knows
what kind of atrocities
to visit upon
our righteous nation.
Find her and bring her to me.
‐ ‐
Okay. go.
They're here for us.
Nope. Not with just one car.
Just stay calm and keep working.
Janine. come here.
‐Come with me. ‐Okay.
I need you not to run. okay?
‐Okay. ‐Okay.
Come here.
Blessed day. ma'am.
Look at me.
It's gonna be all right.
‐Uh‐huh. ‐All right?
‐Good girl. ‐Okay.
‐Now go find Alma. ‐Okay.
Wait. where are you going?
Shit.
Oh. that's all right.
I'm sure
he'll turn up somewhere.
Would you like some lemonade?
Thank you. no.
We'll just be a minute.
I'm embarrassed to say that
this has happened before
with Guardian Pogue.
He's been written up twice
in the last month.
Really?
Passed out
in someone's stable once.
We haven't seen him.
‐ ‐
Drink this. dear.
‐ Is he okay? ‐He's fine.
‐ ‐It helps him with his pain.
Could we speak
with your Marthas?
They're in
the middle of bottling cider.
I could go and get them.
They can finish their work.
‐ ‐ We'll come back.
Of course.
Blessed day.
Blessed day. ma'am.
I'll show myself out.
‐How did I do? ‐
Great.
You did great.
I can wash that for you.
What does it mean...
that they came here?
It means I have to leave.
We always knew
we'd have to leave sometime.
The plan's the same.
Mayday will help us.
They'll get us to a cell
on the western border.
No. thanks. I want out
of this fucking place.
I hear the Republic of Texas
is letting people in.
You cannot go all that way
on a rumor.
Are we any safer with Mayday?
‐They've gotten us this far.
‐Exactly.
I don't want to fight.
None of us wanted to. at first.
June.
Did you hear from Mayday?
The contact
will only talk to you.
Let's go.
Well. why can't they come here?
Well. you can leave. She can't.
June.
Okay.
‐Okay. ‐Be careful.
Some of you know my wife.
She's a beautiful person.
capable of great things.
Hey. it's good to see you.
It took some very brave people
to make Angels' Flight happen.
June was one of them.
Would you like to meet another?
Rita Blue.
she was a Martha. and...
- ‐And she was on that plane.
- ‐
Come on up.
Thank you for coming.
‐You were great.
‐When I first met June.
I didn't think that she could do
something like this...
Save all of these children...
Save me.
Angels' Flight
is because of her.
She got us out.
And she stayed behind
to keep fighting. even knowing
what that could mean.
Gilead has a way of bringing out
the worst in people.
But in June
it brought out the best.
And... And...
I'm sorry. uh...
You're doing great.
you're doing great.
Look. as far as we know.
June is still alive.
And that hope
is what keeps us going.
and what keeps
the mission going.
‐So thank you. ‐Thank you. yes!
‐ Give it up! ‐
You did great. You did great.
This is the. uh. point
where I'm supposed to
subtly shift
the subject to money.
‐ ‐Hi. You did so great.
- ‐ Look. we all know...
- ‐
‐...why we're here. right?
‐Yeah.
Okay.
And some of our ace fundraisers.
they're gonna be
- ‐coming around...
- ‐
Come on up. guys. and...
‐ Hi. ‐Hello.
And what you give today
helps the staff
and the volunteers...
Volunteers. raise your hand!
Yeah. these fine folks.
it helps them continue
what June started.
and that's reuniting families.
‐it's making homes. and...
‐Thank you.
Thank you.
And that means
clothes and books.
You can help these kids
start their new lives
outside of Gilead.
‐Thank you. ‐
- ‐ Thank you.
- ‐
‐ Hey. ‐Hi.
You did great.
I don't know.
Luke's so good at this.
Oh. yeah. he... He surprised me.
Um. but thank you...
for speaking.
Well. Luke asked me.
so I couldn't say no.
Sure you could.
"Free" means
you're free to say no.
Well. being here is a gift.
I thank God for it every day.
And for June.
Well. June's still there
and raisin' hell.
I keep her in my prayers.
Pray for Gilead.
Get back.
Pickup for Commander Keyes.
- ‐All right.
- ‐
Stay here.
Blessed day.
Blessed day to you.
‐ ‐Commander Keyes sent me.
He's got a shipment to pick up.
I don't know about anything.
- ‐but let me check.
- ‐ Okay.
- ‐Let's wait inside.
- ‐
‐How are you doing?
‐Blessed day.
Commander. It's been a while.
Follow me.
Places like this have
always been about fantasies.
They were built so men
could act like country lords.
Pretend you're rich
for a weekend.
Now they're for fantasies
of a different kind.
I mean.
you have short. simple...
I thought you'd be taller.
The Handmaid that killed
Commander Winslow.
Where'd you get the knife?
It was a pen.
You've been busy.
First. Winslow
and then your Air Canada thing.
What have you heard?
They're keeping a lid on it.
officially.
But word's gotten out.
People are doing stuff.
Slashing tires.
cutting power lines.
Someone blew up a checkpoint.
All of those kids... free.
I can't believe you did that.
They took my daughter.
Do you have a safe house for us?
Yeah. The Murrows.
It's a yellow farmhouse
about 13 miles west of you
down Highway 44.
in a stand of poplars.
Stick to the woods.
A quilt hanging on the line
means it's safe.
Can you leave tomorrow night?
No. Guardians came
to the house today.
I need to leave tonight.
I can't send the word
until tomorrow.
If they're not expecting you.
you'll get a face
full of buckshot.
How did you know about Winslow?
I was in Boston before this.
And after he went missing.
they cleaned house.
I was one of the lucky ones.
I saw some military Commanders
on the way in.
Yeah. they're here
for a couple more days.
One last party before Chicago.
Why are they going there?
To lead some new offensive.
I think.
Just fucking sitting ducks.
Mayday should do something.
You really think
that Mayday
would liberate this place?
I fucking gave up on that
a long time ago.
Hey. it isn't an army.
We are Mayday.
They're people just like us.
Did he do that?
Not directly.
It was an appropriate punishment
under Gilead law.
Over there.
Did your husband
ever sexually assault you?
No.
Turn.
Did he ever have unprotected sex
with anyone besides yourself
or your Handmaids?
‐Yes. ‐ Turn.
‐ How many partners?
‐I don't know.
- ‐He frequented a brothel.
- ‐
We'll want to check for STDs.
We'll draw some blood
and get a genital swab.
I know this is difficult.
Mrs. Waterford.
‐ ‐ Over here.
Were there any other instances
of physical abuse?
No.
Yes.
He struck me here.
Another appropriate punishment?
It's not that simple.
I'm sure. May I?
‐Mm. ‐
Looks like it didn't
leave a permanent mark.
Look. I understand
what you're saying. and...
And I'm trying. but I just
don't feel comfortable
with this approach.
Except that
it is your best chance
to get this charge dismissed.
‐ ‐Okay?
Then we can restore
your immunity deal.
And get Nichole
back in your life.
By playing the victim.
By establishing
a pattern of abuse.
‐ ‐That will help the judge
see that
you've acted out of fear
‐for your own safety.
‐But it wasn't abuse.
Not exactly.
Okay. I. uh...
I'm gonna step out
and make a few calls.
I'll be back in a bit.
‐ ‐
Ms. Mathis just wants you
to consider
what's in your best interest.
Well. you might have
thought about that
when you served the warrant.
You arrested me.
Now you've got
an accused sex offender
as your key witness
against Fred.
None of this is easy.
I know.
He acted out of anger.
He probably regrets it.
I... I don't
understand why
you're giving him
the benefit of the doubt.
After all he's done. Just...
Because I knew him
before Gilead.
Could I see him? Alone?
I'm going to get Fred
to drop the claim.
I'll see what I can do.
Okay. Thank you.
‐ ‐
Aw. shit.
The Spencers fell through.
They were for Alyssa.
Said it'd be "too confusing"
for their own kid.
Okay. Well. back to the list.
That's it for family.
We have survivors
from her church.
‐ ‐We'll find her a good home.
So many people want to adopt.
Yeah. and they all
need to be vetted.
At least they're here.
Better than there.
Uh. did you ask the Reids
for Asher's SIN form?
Mm. They didn't come in today.
Should I leave them
another message?
You look cute.
‐Hey. ‐ How was it?
It was good.
But now I have to stay here
and do all the things
I didn't do
because I was there.
Oh. so no dinner.
‐I'm sorry. ‐It's all right.
I leave for the resupply
to Thunder Bay tomorrow night.
I know.
Can I come over later?
Can you sleep over later?
Yeah.
She looks cute in her
mouthguard too. you know.
‐Hey! ‐
- ‐ Why would you say it?
- ‐
It's true! Text me.
Bye!
You should go. have dinner.
Don't waste that outfit on me.
Nah. I'm gonna stay here
and help out
till you're ready to go home.
Okay. um. I'll go
visit the Reids tomorrow.
She's seen you
in your mouthguard?
Go fuck yourself.
Oh. my God.
June. this is a terrible idea.
I can handle it. No one's
asking you to do anything.
No one's asking you.
You could just leave.
We could all just leave.
I won't have a chance
after tomorrow.
Still waiting to hear why.
'Cause I think these women
deserve to be free.
Is that it?
Or do you just want to kill
a bunch of Commanders?
Both.
And help the people in Chicago.
I can't not do this. Alma.
So. you're just gonna
Rambo in there
and shoot the place up?
Get yourself killed or caught?
Yeah. that's exactly
what I'm gonna do.
I... I think that we need
a. um. like. a time bomb.
You know?
Do you know how to make one?
‐No. ‐ No?
No. I don't.
So. what then?
I don't know yet. okay?
You stopped talking
when I came in.
I don't like that.
Sorry.
We weren't talking about you.
Did you need something?
Those Guardians
are gonna come back.
They'll keep asking questions.
Don't worry.
I'll take care of it.
There's a lot of farms
for them to check.
It's nothing for you
to worry about.
I can worry if I want to.
So. we're gonna leave
tomorrow night.
Take me with you.
It's not safe where we're going.
It's not safe anywhere!
I know that you think
you can't trust me.
but you can.
Don't leave me here alone.
Please.
All right.
Okay.
We're gonna have to do something
about the Commander.
Have...
Have you been poisoning him?
You learn things on a farm.
Can you teach me
how to make more?
We're going to need a lot.
In September.
there's fresh berries.
They're sweet.
You can bake them
into a cobbler.
When did you start doing this?
Not soon enough.
I only give him a little.
to keep him from being a bother.
My Martha showed me how.
He's not a good man.
Maybe there are no good men
in Gilead.
I think
there are good men everywhere.
Even here.
It's just complicated. you know?
Gilead makes it really hard
to be good.
I hear
you're still not sleeping well.
You asked?
You're still my wife.
Reminds me
of those airport chapels.
Do you remember the one
in Dallas?
Like on the book tour?
An island of grace
in all that chaos.
A very small island.
That's how they think of God
in this place.
They've made Him small.
My attorney told me
what to expect
at the motion‐to‐dismiss
hearing.
It's just a legal strategy.
You're willing to expose
every... detail of our lives.
our faith.
to complete strangers.
No. I don't want to.
It doesn't have to be like this.
Oh. you've gotten rusty.
You used to be so good at
getting me to do what you want.
But my eyes are open now.
Fred. please.
I just want my daughter back.
Nichole... is not your daughter.
Any more than she is mine.
And if you think
I'm gonna let you have her
and walk free.
go start some new life.
you are delusional.
You know. I thought that
once you were out of Gilead.
once you were
out of that uniform.
that you would come back
to yourself.
I am as you made me.
As you made us.
As I have made us?
Fred. you never once
stood up for me. Not once!
Not once you got
a taste of power!
I thought that was my fault!
I thought that I deserved
everything that you did to me!
You know. I...
I think I gave you
too much freedom.
So you're right.
It doesn't have to be like this.
Guard.
I'm sorry.
I've got it somewhere.
‐Hands full. you know. ‐
I do know.
Instant parenthood's
not somethin'
you can really prepare for.
You remember me. Asher? Moira?
Yeah.
‐How are you. buddy? ‐Hungry.
Well. I made
three different lunches.
and he wouldn't eat any of it.
Chicken fingers.
Buttered noodles. Pizza.
Three?
What kid doesn't like pizza?
Mmm.
Mm. Your aunt's a good cook.
It's different here. huh?
I hate it.
He keeps saying that.
I miss my Martha. And my room.
‐And my mom and dad. ‐Yeah.
Those people are not
your mom and dad. sweetie.
Please tell him.
He won't listen to me.
It's better
if you don't correct him.
He needs to feel
what he's feeling.
It's okay if you miss them.
Am I gonna see them again?
No.
And I'm sorry.
It is okay
if you are sad about that‐‐
I wanna go home.
No. get back here!
Get back here
and apologize right now!
It's all right.
It's natural for Asher
to be angry.
His name is James.
Same as my brother.
His actual father.
Excuse me.
I got the form.
What happened?
The kid's fucked up.
He misses Gilead.
Like you said. better that
they're here than there.
Eventually.
I mean. right now
it sucks for a lot of them.
The ones that got ripped
from the only families
they remember.
I guess June didn't think
that part through.
'Cause that's what she does.
Takes the big swing.
and fuck the consequences.
Look. God knows
I can be a messy bitch.
but that one. she...
I love her. right?
And I miss her.
and I am worried about her.
And?
I love Nichole
but I never wanted to be a mom.
Why do you feel you have to
clean up June's messes?
Fuck if I know.
Making up for when I got out
and she didn't. I guess.
But I'm tired of feeling guilty.
I get it. She gave me her baby
and stayed behind.
Who does that?
Ah!
Are we terrible people?
Maybe.
But I don't think so.
I just hope she's okay.
June. are you sure you don't
want someone to come with you?
That... That place
sounds kinda scary.
I'll be all right.
I need you to stay here
and take care of everyone. okay?
- ‐Get them ready for tonight.
- ‐ Okay.
Make sure she has good shoes.
Okay? It's a long walk.
I will.
Red Leader standing by.
Thank you.
I'll be back soon. I promise.
Get them ready for tonight.
Asher?
This is Rita. She's a friend.
Blessed evening.
You were on the plane.
I was.
That was a really scary night.
wasn't it?
I thought so too.
Asher. so Rita's gonna
stay the night and cook dinner
while your Aunt Jean
catches up on a few things.
Some of my favorite dishes.
From home?
Yes. And I could use some help.
Could you take this
off my hands?
Where's the kitchen?
- ‐ Over there.
- ‐ All right.
Want to grab this?
All right. Thanks.
Are you sure you won't stay?
Yeah. I. um... I've got plans.
You should've texted.
Oh. what. and ruin
my big romantic gesture?
We can have a special dinner
next week when I'm back.
My Lyft is. like...
Hm. 8 minutes away.
Then we have 8 minutes
of Pad Thai.
I want to have dinner
with you tonight.
‐ ‐Oona!
‐I'm sorry‐‐ ‐But seriously‐‐
Other people's
always taste better!
I got you that 'cause you said
it was your favorite!
I'm sorry!
Hmm.
You know...
you could always come with me.
‐ ‐
Listen to the drivers. too.
and grab whatever you can.
car keys. radios. everything.
‐I don't think I can do this.
‐I do.
We're the ones
we've been waiting for.
It's what my mom used to say.
Daisy! What are you doing
back there?
Give it to me.
I. uh...
She was just tryin' to get
something to eat. ma'am.
I told her to wait until dinner
but you know how they get.
Well. make it quick.
Commander Lowe
is looking for you.
Nothing too fattening.
little piggy.
‐Yes. Aunt Wendy.
‐And I'll take some tea.
It's up to you.
I can just dump this out
if you want.
Better to die on your feet
than to live on your knees.
Right?
Yeah.
Sure you don't want to
stick around for the fireworks?
Where's Dawn?
Look. I don't know
what the legal requirements are.
but I need to separate
my interests from Fred.
‐I am done with him.
‐We can talk about that later.
No. we can talk about it
right now.
You're pregnant. Serena.
The results from your blood test
came back.
Congratulations.
♪ Hey. man. oh. Henry
Get off the phone ♪
♪ Hey. man
I gotta straighten my face ♪
♪ This mellow thighed chick
Just put my spine out of place ♪
What's your name? You? Yeah.
♪ Hey. man
My work's down the drain ♪
What's going on?
♪ She said she had to squeeze it
But she then she ♪
♪ Oh. don't lean on me. man ♪
♪ 'Cause you can't
Afford the ticket ♪
♪ I'm back on Suffragette City ♪
♪ 'Cause you ain't got time
To check it ♪
♪ You know my Suffragette City ♪
♪ Is outta sight
She's all right ♪
♪ A Suffragette City ♪
♪ I'm back on Suffragette City ♪
♪ Ooh. Suffragette City ♪
♪ Ooh‐ha! Suffragette City ♪
♪ Ooh‐ha! Suffragette ♪
♪ Oh. wham‐bam
Thank you. ma'am ♪
♪ A Suffragette City ♪
♪ Quite all right ♪
♪ Too fine ♪
♪ A Suffragette City ♪
♪ Oh. yeah ♪
♪ Suffragette ♪
Something's wrong.
Stop.
You should go. Now.
I'm not leaving you.
Where are the Handmaids?
I'm trying to keep you alive.
Move in!
>>>>oakislandtk
www.opensubtitles.org